---
title: A new 2019 redesign
layout: post
author: Bob Pony
comments: true
author-link: https://bobpony.org
category: update
---

If you recently came onto this website then you might've of obviously noticed that this website has gone through a major redesign.

# What's new/changed
- Simplified homepage, very much simplified indeed.
- More darkness, who doesn't like dark theme?
- Did some site tweaks and little changes
- Cleaned up downloads page.
- Support discord community page has been simplified.

# What's removed/deprecated
- Removed videos due to lack of traffic and need for it
- About page removed due it being very messy and not worth my time to fix it up since less people bother go to that page, might rework it someday. It was quite a mess ngl.
- Most of the options in the support page has been removed to due to them being unnecessary.
- Gallery is considered to be deprecated, might rewrite or may get it removed in the future.
- Less used social medias are removed in the footer.
- Toolbox has been removed due to less interest in working on it, might reappear again in the future.
- Share menu has been removed due to low usage and web browsers are slowly adding the share feature.
- Search site with Google has been removed due to this website downsizing, but you can at least still search for blog posts with google if you wanted too in the blog page.

If you want to know more of the technical details of what got added and removed then feel free to visit the BobPony.org GitHub repo.